c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\obj\Release\NewsPicker.Api.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\NewsPicker.Api.dll.config
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\NewsPicker.Api.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\NewsPicker.Api.pdb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\NewsPicker.Database.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\NewsPicker.Shared.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\XamarinToolkit.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\NewsPicker.Database.pdb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\NewsPicker.Shared.pdb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\XamarinToolkit.pdb
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\bin\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\obj\Release\NewsPicker.Api.dll
c:\users\marti\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewsPicker\NewsPicker.Api\obj\Release\NewsPicker.Api.pdb
